N.A.S.A. Space APPS Challenge october - 2020
PROJECT NAME: Space Energy Generator
Proposal presented by: Alejandro Forero

For decades to generate energy (of all kinds), we have been using fuels that each year become more difficult to obtain. For humanity it has been a quite comfortable situation, for all these decades, these fuels have helped to reach a point where they will not get us beyond there...  And we are paying a high environmental price to continue using these fuels.

"It is time to close this current chapter on our energy production and start writing a more positive and environmentally friendly one."

This proposal aims to present to you a different concept of electricity generation that is permanent, safe and ecological.

The "Space Electric Generator" generates electricity in the Earth's spatial layer known as the "Magnetosphere",where the electrons coming from our star "the sun" collide with the magneto field of our Earth and generate large amounts of electricity that can be seen at great distances known as "northern lights"... and unfortunately, until now they have been wasting!.

this proposal called "Electric Space Generator", It will be composed of 8 pieces shaped like a "pizza" (whose size will be determined by the amount of energy that you want to generate), curved in its shape and it will be made of a light, neutral material (which is not a conductor of electricity) and will withstand harsh spatial conditions.

On this cover or support, most of the Electrodynamic Tether is anchored, following a certain pattern...

"In this example a zig-zag pattern was used, with this it is achieved that 750 meters of the electrodynamic tether are directly attached to the structure and only 250 meters of the tether are in the space while the structure rotates slowly to keep it extended, But you could even use a fabric pattern like that used in sweaters and on the same area of the structure you could put up to 1750 meters of the Electrodynamic tether and 250 meters extended in space absorbing more electrons, and remember to multiply it by "8" equal pieces!!!

Electrons are absorbed throughout the Electrodynamic tether where they are carried to an "electrical station" whose function will be to transform this energy and convert it into Micro-waves or Laser...

These Microwaves or Lasers will be sent to a receiver located on Earth that will transform the energy from the satellite into normal electrical energy.

A great advantage of this idea is that it can be replicated one on top of the other and in this way significantly increase the energy production that the station will send to Earth.